hi Rosie friends its Julie and today by
popular request I'm going to show you my
morning skincare routine it's a pretty
simple routine it just basically is
cleansing and moisturizing I start off
with the cleanser in this case it's the
SPT sea buckthorn berry bar that's the
package from a sample because I threw
out the package hum the one that I'm
using when I opened it up and there's
very little left of it so that would be
what it looks like when you first buy it
and I basically just wet my face and
then I lather up the little bar and
gently massage it into my skin and I
don't use anything like a washcloth or
anything like that I just use my fingers
because I really try to go very very
gentle on my rosacea prone skin so I
just massage it in there and then very
carefully rinse it away to make sure I
got all the soap basically the berry bar
off my face and then I pat dry with a
big fluffy towel that is an extremely
soft fluffy towel I love that one and I
just Pat it dry and it's okay if there's
a little bit of moisture left over
because next I will be moisturizing my
skin with a couple of different products
and that helped it to absorb better so I
start off with rosewater it came in a
bottle that looks like this but I find
that's a big ugly clumpy bottle and I
like the way the little travel bottle
dispenses so I just pour it into that
one I only use a few sort of drips at a
time basically as much as I can hold in
my hand without spilling it all over
everywhere which is not very much it's
enough that I can rub my hands together
and then just sort of wipe it all over
my face and neck and it just I really
love the smell of it I find it does
lovely things for my skin I find it just
it feels very pretty and very soothing
and then I always like to be extra off
on my arms because I like the way it
smells
then I use chokecherry oil it's from SBT
sea buckthorn it's a limited edition
product
I think there's still some left on their
website if you're curious about it but
of that I just use I think it's four
drops I don't think it's four drops I
definitely know that it's four drops I
do this every day but um yep so I just
add that to my palms and I rub my palms
together and then just wipe it over my
face
if there's any area that's specifically
dry then I sort of dab it onto there
first before I spread it over my whole
face but my face is actually doing
pretty well right now it's all healed up
from having had a cold and so I just
gently spread it over top of my skin and
then I use my fingertips to kind of drum
it into my skin just basically Pat it
into the surface of the skin because I
read somewhere that that's the way to do
it and so that's the way I do it I find
it feels really really nice actually so
I just do it a lot and then I rub the
excess into my hands because the stuff
is wonderful and I want to use every
single little bit of it and then finally
I use my SBG sea buckthorn berry cream
this is not a sponsored video by the way
but um I do use a lot of their products
in my morning routine so yep so I use
their bay cream on my face I use about
that much which is actually a lot but I
really like to just rub it all in and
then that gives me enough to go over my
neck and then I use what's left over on
my hands like I did with the chokecherry
oil
so this is a really really light cream
which is why I put it on top of the
chokecherry oil I used to mix the
chokecherry oil into it in my palm but I
kind of like the two steps so I do it
this way now and this stuff absorbs
really really quickly
it's a beautiful cream I just find that
it's at this time of year it's even
better with the oils as well and as you
can see I'm drumming it in with my
fingers i tap it into my skin and then
rub the excess onto my hands and that's
about it it's not a really intense
morning routine it's super quick I can
do it in three to four minutes and then
I'm all done and then I can take my hair
down from having had it wrapped up in
the towel after my shower so yes I hope
that you found this interesting I hope
you found it informative and that's
above all
if you did like this video then I hope
you'll give it a thumbs up we all know
and if you want to see more videos like
this one then I hope you'll subscribe to
my channel I make new videos every
Sunday and Thursday and other than that
I will see you next time
[Music]